oh my gosh the food looks delicious
flirty how it is let's call interest I'm
Izzy and I am with friends and you can
never tell me how the future can really
never met you I don't think so guys I
still I confused I just have to report
and they brought it
it's like hidden and the napkin open can
be seen with me
see these noodles and all I don't have
the skills
[Music]
here on this lovely Saturday a Tongan
square part is close to where the Sam
Sheppard and Brandon was describing user
of a proper intro s chick is amazing the
first time I ever met her we haven't
hung out in a while I think it's been
like eight or nine months the first time
I ever met she's been here 16 and long a
little bit of myself in her left I was
like you know I'd shoot hustler she's
gone places like tell me a little about
you girls I am currently a high schooler
trying to be on that creative life yes
and I'm really into it
yeah thanks Charles
but like trying to live a life yeah yeah
yeah so you are pursuing like math
science that's cool but then you're also
doing photo video you honestly had like
a bomb food blog for a while
that was beautiful I mean we first met
via Twitter yeah that's right
oh my god it came from food it did come
so like I do a website used to be just
like things that I created but now it's
become more of like an art blog oh and
share other words thank you inspire me
yeah oh great so you are inspired you're
in a similar place that I was
doing some simple things and also being
so in part motivated a little we wrap
hangs with Limerick now beautiful deck
hot is hot for in spring and summer okay
so why weren't we invited to this pink
hair party I need I need it
okay
we strolled out these lovely two ladies
who are basically you you explained it
better but in a very creative way you're
gathering research about health and
wellness exactly where we're trying to
do a creative research gathering but we
are here's of the leading states of
their bodies what they don't think like
that and look you can do it in colorful
beautiful ways way to be creative and
very New York good on this is awesome is
a you're so creative just a creative
I have heard so much about this place
big gay ice cream shop thank you
the moment of truth okay it's amazing I
approve this tiny is going to melt in
like two seconds
do you have any final thoughts to the
Picchu fam before we embarked on our own
journey say there you go let's stop
right in the middle of the bike lane
nitrogen 80 degrees right now I had no
idea existed but they completely closed
down 8th Avenue
that's an entire like market by saying
is supposed to
the entire 8000m crazy like there's not
as much traffic frickin open
yo it's hot out there I instantly
regretted that I can come why do I do
that to myself it was freaking delicious
if you're an ice-cream person I totally
recommend it
however I'm trying to feel a little bit
healthier and things like that I just
instantly ran to my way you can do that
to myself good really good as these
links will be done in description below
she is one awesome human because junior
in high school and so I totally
understand what she's going through as
much the dresses that I have experienced
and partake in for the past month or so
nothing compares to the anxiety of
having to study and take his AP test the
next thing he goes super fancy something
test for the people in school stay in
school work hard learn Lots but oh my
gosh hashtag blessed to not be in school
I wouldn't have my fun for the day today
it's all about catching up so I won't
lose my freaking mind
I supposed to do can't wait to share
with you a video that I'm doing with my
homies at Adobe they basically sent me
to Tribeca and you know I'm Lea like
five hours of Rebecca so hopefully this
video comes out okay but it's basically
me showing you my perspective of Tribeca
in a few hours
look what I have to use again I forgot
my Apple earpods
cave and a uber they fell out of my
backpack
I remember hearing the clink but when I
looked I couldn't find what had fell and
then I came back upstairs and I was like
you know I'm missing my earplugs okay if
anyone has a solution to charge ear pods
without a case let me
I honestly do this we going to happen at
some point I just wish that now you
can't worry our paws that aren't six
weeks and back orders yet eBay but it's
double the price I ain't got I I want
item right okay so I might have
accidentally fell asleep at my desk like
45 minutes what is wrong with me
[Music]
I
got food someone who I've been listening
to more that I totally forgot about
freaking local natives they're not new
but they're so good
nom nom a lot of green which is good I'm
trying to get through the show 13
reasons why it's good it's good
it's just not one of those that I can
like handle on a binging schedule I want
to answer three questions I always do
this on Twitter but message me a
question I'm a trying Instagram lately I
do the insurance routes every single day
it's my new snapshot make sure to give
me a follow if you are not yet and let's
get into these three questions what
advice you have for young photographers
I'm 17 still in high school
I feel like school and still living at
home or holding me back from fulfilling
my creative passion shoots you shoot
shoot all the things you're in high
school you're 17 years old that means
the number one most important thing you
have right now is time I know you have
to study I know you probably have to
sport but you don't have any real
responsibilities that you have the time
to pour into your crap figure out what
you really love about it get better at
it and pay close attention to what's
going on with social media right now
what can you be pouring into how can you
start getting work with your craft right
now it's never never too early I know
school can be very inconvenient maybe
it's not your jam but try your best
focus on it but hey that doesn't mean
that you can like post up in the back
and edit your photos during study hall
or maybe discretely during lecture you
just do you boot you know make it happen
be creative figure out creative ways to
leverage your talents and skills within
the school environment teachers love
that dish if you didn't live in NYC and
you could live anywhere else in the
world
where would you go don't say la Tippi
was John so if I couldn't live in NYC if
I couldn't live in LA where would I live
I maybe move back to Nashville
Nashville's lovely just some more I was
there the more it felt like Dallas Texas
and the birds of Dallas and it wasn't
really that much different from where I
came from and so when I entire New York
and the people in the city in the
building just well I was so taken by the
first time I ever came to New York City
was in 2012 when I graduate high school
the moment I set foot in the city I said
one day I will live here I don't know
when I don't know what the circumstances
aren't but one day I will live here
favorite piece of tech right now oh I
will share my favorite piece of tech
stuff hands down without a doubt
DJI Matic drones Apple earpods so upset
I don't have the case for my ear pods
because they used to literally live
inside my ear I take phone calls on
those I listen to all of the jams
I just multitask while I'm boosting
around the city and just like talking to
people are talking to Siri I just love
them they are so convenient I do not
like wires on Bluetooth headphones and
they just fit inside my ear so well if
the normal Apple earbuds fit in your
ears well the air pause will be
life-changing
DJI Mavic changed the game I never
purchased a drunk because it was just so
massive and bulky I would never take it
with me but now that the Mavic folds
down into such a small form-factor I
mean look at this this is what it's so
tiny and you just fold it on fold it on
up like this it's insane
a player plus EJ Mavic Pro it was so
great hanging out with you guys today if
you watch the last flaw you're probably
like syrup
how are you doing how are you doing with
this dress you seem very stressed out in
the previous vlog it has moved to just
emotional and mental stress it's no
longer the holy crap I feel like there
is a 300-pound weight on my chest in my
eyes I feel like I'm going to throw up
or burst into tears at any moment so
yeah it's not bad
anymore it's moved to a less intense
stress when dealing with like personal
life cards times as normal for it to
kind of move over in short I was
suffering from a major major creative
block I just I felt paralyzed utterly
paralyzed and I kind of had to push back
on a few uploads but honestly having the
schedule and kind of the pressure of
people watching me or whatever really
helps me push through because it's
something that I feel like I have to do
deadlines and a schedule of some sort
really helps no matter who you are and
just starting all of the fear and
anxiety and all of those things are
built up right before the moment but
once you actually start editing once you
actually start doing whatever you need
to do is not that scary anymore and you
just roll with what you know and you get
into the groove you're like well I've
been doing this for the past few years I
am equipped with the skills I just have
to do it but that's something I've
learned over and over and over again
just starting is the hardest thing but
if you can get past that you're golden
peaches and get some cool stuff coming
at the old faces this week so stay tuned
hit that subscribe button if you are new
around here or if you've been hanging
out and you haven't hit the button yet I
post videos every Monday through Friday
amigos like the zoo the subscribe button
I will see you in the next one today
peachy okay bye
[Music]
and then
you